Title: Schedule Manager
Purpose: Build a Schedule Manager Database Management System to manage appointment scheduling for the company

Author: Brian Oliver
Contact Information: boliv64@wgu.edu
Application Version: Ver 1.0
Date: 12/21/2020

IDE: IntelliJ Community 2020.01
JDK version: Java SE 11.0.4
JavaFX version: JavaFX-SDK-11.0.2

--------------------------------------Instructions--------------------------------------------------------------

-Logging in-
Enter your username and password to log in.

Each attempt at logging in will be recorded in login_activity.txt

Once you are logged in, you will be taken to screen showing all of the appointments. If there is an appointment time within
15 minutes of logging in, a popup will be displayed showing the appointment information. Otherwise, the application will
provide a message indicating that there are no upcoming appointments.

--Appointments--
You can view appointment history information by pressing the appointment button on the left sidebar.

The default view of the table shows all saved appointment information. The list can be searched by the appointment ID or
title. The list can be filtered by a range of dates using the date range options.

You can add an appointment, modify/update an appointment, or delete an appointment using the corresponding buttons located
at the top right of the table. These changes are permanent and can not be undone. Appointments can not be added/modified
with overlapping timeframes.

--Customers--
You can view customer information by pressing the customer button on the left sidebar.

The default view of the table shows all saved customer. The table can be searched by the customer ID  or name using the
searchbar on the top left of the table.

You can add a customer, modify/update an customer, or delete a customer using the corresponding buttons located
at the top right of the table. These changes are permanent and can not be undone. A customer can not be deleted if there
are any appointments scheduled with that customer.

--Reports--
The can view the miscellaneous reports by pressing the reports button on the left sidebar.

The reports screen shows how many appointments have been scheduled by type, month, or customer. The large table shows the
appointment schedule for each contact. The contacts can be selected from the dropdown menu.

--Log Out--
The log out button in the left column will disconnect the current user and return the application to the log in screen.

--Exit--
The exit button in the left column will close the entire application.


--Custom Report--
The custom report of appointment amounts per customer is located in the reports view.